LOOK AT YOURSELF, BASTION.
YOU USED TO BE
AT THE TOP OF YOUR GAME.
BUT NOW, NOT EVEN THIS WHITE
UNIFORM CAN HIDE THE FACT
THAT YOUR LEGACY IS OVER BEFORE
IT HAD A CHANCE TO BEGIN!
AND THEN THERE'S JADEN!
WINS EVERYTHING!
AND HOW? WITH LUCK!
MAYBE DUELING
ISN'T ABOUT LOGIC!
Man:
NOT ABOUT LOGIC?
BITE YOUR TONGUE!
VHY, IF IT VEREN'T
FOR THE PRINCIPLES
OF LOGIC UND REASON,
I VOULDN'T BE
VHERE I AM TODAY,
NOW VOULD I,
YOUNG MAN?
UH, PARDON?
I FORGOT TO INTRODUCE
MYSELF AGAIN, DIDN'T I?
MY NAME...
IS EISENSTEIN!
EISENSTEIN?!
YOU MEAN...
THE WORLD-RENOWNED
DUELING PHYSICIST?!
YOU'VE BEEN MY HERO
EVER SINCE I LEARNED
TO HOLD A DUEL DISK!
I EVEN NAMED MY TEDDY BEAR
FUZZY FUZZENSTEIN!
ZEN I TAKE IT YOU'RE
FAMILIAR WITH MY THEORY?
YOU KNOW E=MC...
I ALWAYS FORGET
THAT LAST PART.
TEACH ME!
TEACH ME EVERYTHING!
I WANT THE FORMULA
TO BEAT ANYONE!
INCLUDING JADEN!
HE'S GONE! AH!
COULD HE HAVE BEEN...
A VISION?
I HAD A VISION!
A LITTLE HELP
OVER HERE, PLEASE?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
AHH, THE HERMIT.
IT SEEMS HE HAS
ARRIVED, MY PRINCE.
ARE YOU TELLING ME
THAT EISENSTEIN
IS ON THE ISLAND?
I BELIEVE IT'S
PRONOUNCED EISEN-STEEN.
OH, WHATEVER.
THE POINT IS,
JADEN'S LUCK WILL BE
OF NO USE AGAINST
THE BRILLIANT LOGIC
OF THE WORLD'S
MOST GIFTED MIND.
CALLING HIM OUT
OF RETIREMENT
WAS A DELICIOUS IDEA,
IF I DO SAY SO MYSELF.
NOW WE NEED
TO LURE JADEN.
AND EISENSTEIN WILL
HANDLE THE REST.
EISEN-STEEN!
AND JADEN'S BEEN
TAKEN CARE OF.
ALL WE NEED TO DO IS WAIT.
AND HIS SATELLITE KEY
WILL BE OURS!
Jaden:
FEELIN' BETTER, SY?
YUP! MUCH BETTER.
AWESOME!
YA HAD US ALL
WORRIED THERE.
THAT WAS SOME MATCH!
AND THE IMPORTANT PART
IS YOU FINALLY
STOOD UP TO ZANE!
HEY, SPEAKING
OF MY BROTHER,
WHERE IS HE?
THAT'S
A GOOD QUESTION.
HE SORTA
JUST DISAPPEARED.
WONDER WHERE HE WENT?
Crowler on P.A.:
ATTENTION, SLACKERS!
WILL JADEN YUKI PLEASE REPORT
TO THE PHYSICS LAB IMMEDIATELY.
YOU HAVE A POP QUIZ TO TAKE!
OH.
THANK YOU.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO NOW
IS WATCH.
AND WAIT.
HA HA HA!
COME ON.
IT'S NOT THAT BAD!
IT'S ONE
TEENY LITTLE TEST!
"JUST A TEST"?!
TESTS ARE
THE ENEMY, SY!
I'LL FLUNK
OUTTA SCHOOL!
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
Hassleberry:
WE HEARD ABOUT THAT
POP QUIZ A' YOURS.
AWESOME! SO WHAT'S
THE ESCAPE PLAN?
ESCAPE PLAN?!
FOR ONE TEST?
SON. IT'S
POP QUIZ TIME!
YOU'RE THE BEST
DUELIST WE'VE GOT!
AND IF YOU MISS THE TEST,
THEY'LL EXPEL YA!
THEY'RE RIGHT.
OK! ABOUT FACE
AND FORWARD MARCH,
SOLDIER!
CAN WE TALK ABOUT--AAH!
OH, AND GOOD LUCK!
I THOUGHT YOU
WERE ON MY SIDE!
HEY. I'M
THE ONLY ONE HERE.
WRONG! IT IS I,
YOUR SUBSTITUTE PROFESSOR!
EISENSTEIN!
OH, HI.
WHERE'S
EVERYONE ELSE?
OR IS THIS
A POP QUIZ FOR ONE?
I'M AFRAID YOU'VE BEEN
MISINFORMED, MY BOY.
WE'RE DUELING!
SWEETNESS!
NOW, THAT IS
MY KINDA TEST!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
OH, PLEASE!
YOU DON'T
STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST EISENSTEIN!
THIS IS ONE
POP QUIZ
YOU'RE GUARANTEED
TO FAIL, JADEN!
SO, IT'S JADEN, IS IT?
TELL ME...
DO YOU THINK YOUR LUCK
WILL HOLD UP IN HERE?
OR WILL IT COLLAPSE LIKE
A SPHEROID NEUTRON STAR?
UH...
A SPHEROID WHAT?!
I'M NOT LUCKY.
I JUST BELIEVE
IN MY DECK!
AND IF YOU'RE
WONDERING HOW
I ALWAYS MANAGE
TO DRAW
THE RIGHT CARD,
IT'S BECAUSE MY DECK
HAPPENS TO BELIEVE
IN ME ALSO!
COME NOW.
YOUR DECK'S JUST
PAPER UND INK!
IT ISN'T CAPABLE
OF "BELIEVING" A THING!
IT DOES!
AND I'LL PROVE IT!
AND I'LL PUT
MY FAITH IN SCIENCE!
YOU CANNOT ARGUE
WITH THE PRINCIPLES OF PHYSICS!
Bastion: HEAR! HEAR!
[THINKING]
AHH. THE YOUNG MAN
FROM THIS MORNING!
WITH A VICTORY, I MIGHT
RESTORE HIS FAITH IN SCIENCE!
IN FACT, THE FUTURE
OF SCIENTIFIC DUELING
MIGHT DEPEND
ON THIS VERY MATCH!
ALL RIGHT, JADEN...
GAME ON!
YOU READY,
EISENSTEIN?
LET'S DUEL!
IT'S EISEN-STEEN!
NOW FEEL
THE POWER OF SCIENCE!
I PLAY A SPELL CARD
KNOWN AS
RELATIVITY FIELD.
NO WAY.
GREAT SCOTT!
JADEN?
PHYSICS QUIZ?!
SHOOT. THAT BOY
JUST MAY HAVE TO CHEAT!
NO LOITERING IN
THE HALLS, GENTLEMEN!
AND WHAT'S THIS
I HEAR ABOUT
"CHEATING"?!
UH?! I SAID "CHEERING"!
JUST SOME MORAL SUPPORT
FOR JADEN, THAT'S ALL!
JADEN?!
YOU KNOW,
FOR YOUR POP QUIZ.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?!
THERE'S NO TIME
FOR EXAMINATIONS!
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A TOURNAMENT!
HOLD UP!
I HEARD YOU!
YOU MADE
THE ANNOUNCEMENT!
I DID NOTHING
OF THE SORT.
THEN WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
AAH!
Crowler: SOMEONE!
CLOSE THE DOOR! HURRY!
I END MEIN TURN.
YOU SURE?
IN CASE YOU'RE
UNCLEAR ON THE RULES,
YOU CAN DO MORE.
[THINKING]
A FIELD SPELL IS
ALL HE NEEDS, JADEN!
IN FACT, ONCE ITS
EFFECTS BEGIN,
YOUR LUCK
WILL FINALLY RUN OUT!
FINE, SUIT YOURSELF!
I'M PLAYING
POLYMERIZATION!
SO I'VE GOT
A LITTLE FORMULA
FOR YOU, TEACH!
AVIAN PLUS
BURSTINATRIX EQUALS
FLAME WINGMAN!
QUITE IMPRESSIVE!
BUT NOT WHEN COMPARED
TO MY SINGULARITY FIEND!
UND NEXT I SHALL ACTIVATE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
BY SIMPLY DISCARDING
MY FIEND PLUS A SPELL CARD.
UND NOW THAT I PAID
THE PRICE,
YOUR FLAME WINGMAN...
IS NO MORE!
FINE. THEN I'LL
THROW DOWN
TWO FACEDOWNS
AND CALL IT A TURN.
[THINKING]
HE DESTROYED ONE
OF JADEN'S
MOST POWERFUL
MONSTERS
IN A SINGLE ROUND!
Eisenstein:
WELL, MY BOY.
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE SCORE IS
SCIENCE, ONE,
LUCK, ZIP!
HA HA HA!
NOW IT'S TIME TO INTRODUCE
MY SHROEDINGER'S CAT
SPELL CARD!
UND VITH POT OF GREED,
I PICK UP TWO MORE CARDS.
I KNOW VHAT
YOU'RE THINKING.
"VHAT'S THE CAT DO?!"
VELL, MY FELINE FRIEND
HAS A SPECIAL GIFT!
VHENEVER I HAPPEN TO PICK
UP A FEW EXTRA CARDS,
MY KITTY CAT LETS
ME LOOK AT THEM!
UND ZEN,
I CAN PUT THEM BACK,
REZHUFFLE,
UND DRAW AGAIN!
AH HA HA!
[THINKING]
IT'S TRUE! EISENSTEIN HAS TAKEN
THE LUCK OUT OF DUELING!
WITH THAT MAGIC CARD,
HE'S TRANSFORMED
DRAWING CARDS
FROM RANDOM CHANCE TO SCIENCE!
I'LL PLACE
THIS CARD FACEDOWN
UND SUMMON LAPLACE,
THE FIEND MATHEMATICIAN!
NOW ATTACK HIM!
NOT WITH THIS CARD!
IT'S A HERO EMERGES!
TYPICAL.
WELL, I GUESS YOU
KNOW WHAT YA
HAFTA DO NOW.
PICK ANY ONE
OF MY CARDS.
OH, WELL, THERE'S
JUST ONE LEFT!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
STUCK WITH HIM.
I AM?!
SO NOW I SUMMON
MY OLD PAL NEOS!
THE FIGHT IS OFF!
I PLAY A FACEDOWN...
UND ZEN ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD:
DIMENSIONHOLE!
OHH!
THANKS TO MY DISCOVERIES
IN ASTROPHYSICS,
MY MONSTER CAN VANISH
UND REAPPEAR NEXT ROUND!
OF COURSE, VHENEVER
LAPLACE LEAVES THE FIELD,
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
TAKES EFFECT!
SO FOR EVERY CARD
ON THE FIELD,
YOU LOSE 300 POINTS!
[GASPING]
[THINKING]
INCLUDING THE FIELD SPELL,
THAT'S SIX CARDS,
SO HE LOSES 1,800 POINTS!
AAH!
[GROANS]
SORRY, BUT THERE'S
ALSO THE EFFECT
OF MY RELATIVITY FIELD!
WHAT?!
VE HAVE TO BALANCE
THE EQUATION!
IT'S SIMPLE MATH.
NEOS MUST LOSE
ZE SAME NUMBER
OF POINTS
YOU JUST LOST!
NO WAY!
UND ONE MORE!
MY FAVORITE CARD!
ZE FAMOUS DARK HOLE!
NOTHING CAN ESCAPE,
NOT EVEN
THAT HERO OF YOURS.
ZE GRAVITATIONAL
PULL IS TOO STRONG!
NOW DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
I HAVE SCIENCE
AS MY ALLY!
AND LOGIC WINS
OVER LUCK!
IF I MUST DEFEAT YOU
TO TEACH YOU THAT,
ZEN I'M AFRAID THAT
YOU VILL LOSE, MY BOY.
WE'LL SEE.
YES, WE VILL.
IF WE'RE
TEACHING LESSONS,
THEN LEMME SHARE
WITH YOU ONE
OF MY THEORIES!
A DUEL'S NOT OVER
'TIL THE LAST CARD
IS PLAYED!
Hassleberry: SO
WHAT'S GOING ON AGAIN?
Crowler:
FOR THE LAST TIME,
JADEN IS DUELING AGAINST
ONE OF THE GREATEST SCIENTIFIC
MINDS OF ALL TIME!
OH!
I CAN'T BREATHE
OUT HERE!
THAT'S 'CAUSE THERE'S
NO OXYGEN IN OUTER SPACE!
LET'S GET OUTTA HERE!
WIMPS.
MY MOVE!
JUST A MOMENT!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
IT'S CALLED
DRAW PARADOX!
NOW OUR DRAW PHASES
ARE INTERCHANGED!
HUH?
DURING MY PHASE,
YOU DRAW FROM YOUR DECK.
BUT DURING YOURS,
I DRAW FROM MY DECK!
YOU DO?!
JAWOHL!
SO ZAT MEAN
I GET TO DRAW NOW!
NO FAIR!
Bastion, thinking:
FIRST HE TOOK AWAY
JADEN'S CARDS,
THEN HE TOOK AWAY
JADEN'S DRAW!
THERE'S ONLY ONE THING
JADEN CAN SAY NOW.
I END MY TURN.
WHY ZE LONG FACE?
AS SOON AS MY TURN
COMES AROUND,
YOU GET TO DRAW!
OH, THAT'S RIGHT!
THEN WISH ME LUCK!
JADEN, REMEMBER!
LUCK DOES NOT EXIST!
NOW THANKS
TO DIMENSIONHOLE,
MY LAPLACE RETURNS!
MY DEAR BOY,
ALLOW ME TO OFFER YOU
SOME WORDS OF ADVICE.
YOU PLAY QUITE WELL.
BUT TO BECOME
A MASTER DUELIST
YOU MUST EMBRACE SCIENCE
AND ITS RELATIONSHIP
TO THE UNIVERSE!
HUH? I THOUGHT
THIS WAS A DUEL
NOT A PHYSICS
LECTURE!
TAKE OUT A PEN.
YOU MAY VANT TO
WRITE THIS DOWN!
[WHIMPERS]
[THINKING]
OH, GREAT!
A ONCE IN A LIFETIME
OPPORTUNITY,
AND I FORGOT
MY PENCIL SHARPENER!
CAN YOU NAME FOR ME
THE THREE ESSENTIAL
ELEMENTS OF DUELING?
THAT WOULD BE, UM...
I HAVE NO IDEA.
MONSTERS, TRAPS,
UND SPELLS!
ARE WE CLEAR?
THESE ELEMENTS CREATE
A MATHEMATICAL BASE.
UND UPON THIS BASE,
POWER IS BUILT!
UND I'LL PROVE IT
WITH THIS!
BATTLE CONSTANT!
SO I REMOVE A MONSTER
UND A SPELL
UND A TRAP
FROM THE FIELD!
BUT BEFORE
I EXPLAIN VHY
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF LAPLACE
THE MATHEMATICIAN
IS ACTIVATED!
A MOMENT AGO,
THE FIELD HAD FOUR CARDS!
SO YOU LOSE
1,200 LIFE POINTS!!
AAH!
ZORRY. BUT NOW BACK
TO THE PHYSICS!
THE THREE TYPES OF CARDS--
YOU KNOW, MONSTERS,
SPELLS, UND TRAPS--
OPEN A DIMENSIONAL GATEWAY!
A GATEWAY THAT RELEASES
THE BRAIN DRAGON!
TIME FOR YOUR
NEXT LESSON, MY BOY!
WHEN YOU SEE
A BRAIN DRAGON, RUN!
OH, MAN!
I ALWAYS HATED
PHYSICS CLASS!
HUH!
I PLAY THIS!
MY FLUTE
OF SUMMONING KURIBOH!
SO GUESS WHO'S
JOINING THE GAME!
WHENEVER WINGED
KURIBOH'S DESTROYED,
ALL BATTLE DAMAGE
IS REDUCED TO ZERO!
OH, WELL.
I NEVER SAID
SCIENCE WAS PERFECT.
IF FACT, LOTS
OF THEORIES FAIL.
ZAT'S HOW ZE NEW
ONES ARE BORN.
THANKS, PAL!
[CHIRPING]
UH, JADEN?
HMM?
WHO ON EARTH
ARE YOU TALKING TO?
YOUR DUEL DISK?!
NO, TO KURIBOH!
IT ZEEMS YOUR LOSS
OF LIFE POINTS HAS HAD
A NEGATIVE EFFECT
ON YOUR CRANIUM!
DUEL MONSTERS
CANNOT TALK!
Bastion, thinking:
EISENSTEIN IS RIGHT!
THIS IS JUST WHAT
I NEEDED TO HEAR!
I'LL REBUILD MY DECK
WITH PURE SCIENCE!
ONCE JADEN LOSES.
IT LOOKS LIKE
I'M UP!
I PLAY ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN!
AND THAT'S NOT ALL!
I GET...
TWO MORE CARDS!
SWEETNESS!
ALL RIGHT,
READY, EISENSTEIN?
EISEN-STEEN!
OH, WHATEVER!
NOW I ACTIVATE
BUBBLE BLASTER!
WHICH GIVES BUBBLEMAN
800 MORE POINTS!
AND NEXT UP...
HERO DICE!
NOW, HERE'S
HOW IT WORKS, TEACH.
FIRST I GIVE MY
LUCKY DICE A ROLL!
AFTER THAT,
DEPENDING ON WHAT
NUMBER I GET,
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
IS REWARDED
WITH A SPECIAL POWER!
BUT FIRST EVERYONE
GETS ASSIGNED
A NUMBER.
COME ON!
DADDY NEEDS
A NEW DUEL DISK!
IT'S SIX!
THAT'S ME! AAH!
AND GUESS
WHAT THAT MEANS!
HERE'S A HINT!
BUBBLEMAN!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
OH, AND ONE
MORE THING.
THANKS TO YOUR
FIELD SPELL,
YOUR DRAGON
LOSES POINTS, TOO!
UNH!
HEY, GRAMPS!
ARE YOU OK?!
NEWTON'S LAW
CLEARLY STATES
YOU CANNOT--
UH, NEED SOME HELP?
I'M PERFECTLY FINE!
NOW, THANKS
TO MY DRAGON'S ABILITY,
I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS!
UND AFTER I HAVE
SELECTED THEM,
I GET TO PUT THEM
BACK IN MY DECK!
IN ANY ORDER I VANT,
I MIGHT ADD!
[THINKING]
WITH MY NON-FUSION
IN RESERVE
AND JADEN DOWN
TO ONE CARD,
THIS DUEL IZ MINE!
[THINKING]
TIME TO PROVE
THE POWER OF SCIENCE
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
I PLAY
MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHOON!
THANKS TO THIS, ONE OF YOUR
SPELL CARDS IS BLOWN AWAY!
NOW, BRAIN DRAGON,
IT'S YOUR TURN!
ATTACK HIS BUBBLEMAN
WITH BIG BANG BLAST!
[GROANING]
HO HO! YOU SHOULD
HAVE PAID MORE
ATTENTION IN CLASS!
ESPECIALLY IN SCIENCE!
PERHAPS YOU
WANT TO GIVE UP.
NO WAY!
WIN OR LOSE,
I'M IN THIS DUEL
FOR THE LONG HAUL.
YOU CAN KEEP
YOUR SCIENCE!
ALL I NEED
IS FAITH!
I SUMMON NEO-SPACIAN
GLOW MOSS!
THEN I ACTIVATE
MY O-OVERSOUL SPELL!
THANKS TO THIS,
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
COMES BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
NEOS!
NOW IT'S FUSION TIME!
NEOS AND GLOW MOSS
MERGE TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
GLOW NEOS!
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
WAIT. THERE'S MORE!
HE'S GOT
A SWEET EFFECT!
WHENEVER HE'S
SUMMONED,
HE CAN DESTROY
ANY FACE-UP CARD
ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
SORRY, POPS!
BUT GLOW NEOS
IS GOING STRAIGHT
FOR YOUR
FIELD SPELL!
YOU'VE DESTROYED
MY WHOLE UNIVERSE!!
AND NOW
THAT IT'S GONE,
NEOS CAN DO
SOMETHING ELSE!
ATTACK YOUR LIFE
POINTS DIRECTLY!
NO! YOU CAN'T!
SORRY! BUT THIS IS
MY LESSON NOW!
OH, NO!
MY CALCULATIONS!
THEY'VE ALL
FAILED ME!
OHH!
HOW COULD IT BE
ZAT I WAS WRONG?
AT LEAST
YOUR PHYSICS
IS STILL WAY
BETTER THAN MINE!
AND THAT'S GAME!
IT SEEMS
YOU WERE RIGHT.
THERE IS ROOM
FOR FAITH.
JADEN? HOW VOULD YOU LIKE
TO TEACH AN OLD MAN
SOME NEW TRICKS?
SURE, EINSTEIN!
EISEN-STEEN.
YOUR SCIENTIST HAS FAILED.
THEREFORE JADEN
IS STILL IN POSSESSION
OF THE SATELLITE KEY.
PLEASE.
I'M NOT WORRIED.
HE HAS YET TO FACE ME.
THAT WON'T BE NECESSARY.
YOU SEE, MY BACKUP PLAN
IS ALREADY IN PLACE.
Jaden: HEY, DR. C!
I PASSED YOUR TEST!
IN FACT I THINK
I GOT AN "A"!
WELL, THINK AGAIN!
ALL MY TESTS
WILL BE GIVEN ONCE
THE GX TOURNAMENT
IS OVER!
WHAT?!
I HEARD YOU!
YOU CALLED ME HERE
FOR A PHYSICS TEST!
TRUST ME.
IF IT WERE MY TEST,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE PASSED!
Crowler on P.A.:
JADEN YUKI, PLEASE REPORT
TO THE PHYSICS LAB
IMMEDIATELY!
IF YOU DIDN'T
SET THAT UP,
THEN WHO DID?!
A-HA! THAT'S IT!
LIKE THE BUTTERFLY
SHEDS HIS COCOON,
I MUST SHED MY PAST!
HA HA HA!
CAN'T HE DO THAT
WITH PANTS ON?
Bastion:
PROFESSOR EISENSTEIN?!
I WANT TO BE YOUR PUPIL!
TEACH ME!
I CAN PICK UP
WHERE YOU LEFT OFF!
TOGETHER WE'LL
SHOW THE WORLD
THE POWER OF SCIENCE!
I'M AFRAID I'M GETTING
TOO OLD FOR THIS.
MY DAYS OF SCIENTIFIC
DUELING ARE OVER.
MAYBE THERE IS
SOMETHING TO BE SAID
FOR "LUCK."
WHAT?! HE MUST BE
TESTING ME
TO SEE IF I'M LOYAL.
YOU CAN TRUST ME!
SCIENCE IS MY LIFE!
I WANT TO JOIN YOU!
AHH!
PROFESSOR EISENSTEIN?!
HE'S GONE!
THAT MEANS...
HE REALLY WAS A VISION!
[GROANING]
NO, I JUST FELL DOWN AGAIN.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ WELL, TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪